Add `KEL LAN Tournament 3 Recap` news post (#13154)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: KEL LAN Tournament 3 Recap
date: 2025-04-23 12:00:00 +0000
---

The third edition of the KEL Tournament has concluded! Join us for the tournament recap, with coverage done directly from the LAN!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-11-18-kel-lan-tournament-3/banner.jpg)

After the tournament's qualifiers concluded in December of last year, [21 different players](https://liquipedia.net/osu/KEL/3#Participants) (in addition to 11 invitees) got their chance to play against 11 top players that were invited to the event, all in a live setting, with a crowd of people!

> All of this culminated in an exciting weekend in Gdańsk, Poland, where from Feb 8th-Feb 9th the community gathered, met their favourite players and content creators, and got the chance to witness top-tier gameplay live in the Kinguin Esports Lounge!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of this culminated in an exciting weekend in Gdańsk, Poland, where from Feb 8th–Feb 9th the community gathered, met their favourite players and content creators, and got the chance to witness top-tier gameplay live in the Kinguin Esports Lounge!
```

## Day 1

> The tournament officially kicked off on Saturday 8th at 12:00 UTC with Round of 32, however players showed up early to get familiar with the space, get their gear set up, and prepare for the upcoming matches. The players were all situated in separate LAN rooms where anyone could walk in while they were warming up, but could also be closed off in order to allow players to concentrate on their matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tournament officially kicked off on Saturday 8th at 12:00 UTC with Round of 32, but players showed up early to get familiar with the space, get their gear set up, and prepare for the upcoming matches. The players were all situated in separate LAN rooms where anyone could walk in while they were warming up, but could also be closed off in order to allow players to concentrate on their matches.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/lan-room-1.jpg)

> While all that was happening, the production staff were getting ready to start the first stream of the weekend. Various camera setups for the audience and LAN rooms, the main stage audio and video, and the entire stream setup was getting final touches after yesterday's preparations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While all that was happening, the production staff were getting ready to start the first stream of the weekend. Various camera setups for the audience and LAN rooms, the main stage audio and video, and the entire stream setup were all getting final touches after yesterday's preparations.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/crowd-cam.jpg)

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/stream-setup.jpg)

Once everything was set up, the stream was started, and the Round of 32 commenced without any... major issues.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/obs-crash.jpg)

The goal for the first day was to have all matches between Round of 32 and Quarterfinals played out, which required immense effort on all sides to achieve. As for the matches themselves, the first part of the tournament was unremarkable in terms of matches, as most of them played out very one-sided, with a couple of exceptions.

### ::{ flag=PL }:: Rafis vs. ::{ flag=PL }:: Michni (Round of 16)

[View the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117102004)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?autoplay=false&parent=osu.ppy.sh&video=2377462054&time=01h04m05s" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> The tournament may have just kicked off, but a clash of titans has already commenced! Just when everyone thought this Round of 16 won't be that remarkable, ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Michni](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3543130) made sure that wasn't the case! This was the first match of the tournament that went to tiebreaker, with both players consistently trading points throughout the entire match, not giving each other any room to breathe in this match-up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tournament may have just kicked off, but a clash of titans has already commenced! Just when everyone thought this Round of 16 wouldn't be that remarkable, ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Michni](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3543130) made sure that wasn't the case! This was the first match of the tournament that went to tiebreaker, with both players consistently trading points throughout the entire match, not giving each other any room to breathe.
```

> After much back-and-forth, ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) took the victory with the scoreline of 5–4, beating ::{ flag=PL }:: [Michni](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3543130) on [Down - Kizan](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2085347#osu/4368642) (TB), and secured themselves a place in the winners' bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After much back-and-forth, ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) took the victory with the scoreline of 5–4, beating ::{ flag=PL }:: [Michni](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3543130) on [Down - Kizan](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2085347#osu/4368642) (TB), and secured themselves a place in the winners' bracket.
```

### ::{ flag=DE }:: Zeitfrost vs. ::{ flag=PL }:: Kosiarek (Quarterfinals)

[View the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117105628)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?autoplay=false&parent=osu.ppy.sh&video=2377462054&time=05h50m35s" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

Right after the match between ::{ flag=PL }:: [Michni](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3543130) and ::{ flag=UA }:: [RafGPio](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13705417) concluded, the casters jumped right into ::{ flag=DE }:: [Zeitfrost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11234706)'s and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Kosiarek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9086565)'s fierce battle for one of the last remaining spots in the losers' bracket, the winner of which would go on to face ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) in the Semifinals.

> The cast kicks off at 2–3, with the players fighting it out at [LV.4 - Burning Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2095154#osu/4412694) (NM5), eventually leading to ::{ flag=DE }:: [ZeitFrost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11234706) winning the break point. After they failed to secure an early victory with a miniscule 35,000 point difference, the two would face off on the Quarterfinals tiebreaker — [Umeboshi Chazuke - AJITAMA Adventure OST](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2274953#osu/4847546).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cast kicks off at 2–3, with the players fighting it out at [LV.4 - Burning Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2095154#osu/4412694) (NM5), eventually leading to ::{ flag=DE }:: [ZeitFrost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11234706) winning the break point. After they failed to secure an early victory with a miniscule 35,000-point difference, the two would face off on the Quarterfinals tiebreaker — [Umeboshi Chazuke - AJITAMA Adventure OST](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2274953#osu/4847546).
```

> In the end, ::{ flag=DE }:: [ZeitFrost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11234706) showed dominance on the tiebreaker, and managed to slip into the Semifinals by the skin of their teeth with the final scoreline of 5–4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the end, ::{ flag=DE }:: [ZeitFrost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11234706) showed dominance and managed to slip into the Semifinals by the skin of their teeth with the final scoreline at 5–4.
```

At the beginning it seemed as if this was going to be the first tiebreaker of the Semifinals, with both players trading points, the closest map being [JYOCHO - Kirei na Sankaku, Asahi Ningen](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2108761#osu/4446255) (NM3) with only a 2,000 point difference in ::{ flag=US }:: [im a fancy lad](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4908650)'s favour.

::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) had built up a slight lead in the first half, but started to lose momentum in the latter half, only winning 1 out of the 5 maps played in the latter half. This gave ::{ flag=US }:: [im a fancy lad](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4908650) an opportunity to seize victory, which they ended up doing with a score of 6–4.

### ::{ flag=PL }:: milosz vs. ::{ flag=NO }:: NINERIK (Grandfinals)

[View the match inforation here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117119436)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?autoplay=false&parent=osu.ppy.sh&video=2377464708&time=05h02m47s" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> This is it, this match will be decider of who will get to challenge ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) in the Grandfinals. Both ::{ flag=PL }:: [milosz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13108233) and ::{ flag=NO }:: [NINERIK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10549880) are the crème de la crème that this game has to offer, with both players being top 10 on the global leaderboards, and highly accomplished in the tournament scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was it, this match would be decider of who gets get to challenge ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) in the Grand Finals. Both ::{ flag=PL }:: [milosz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13108233) and ::{ flag=NO }:: [NINERIK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10549880) are the crème de la crème that this game has to offer at the top 10 on the global leaderboards, not to mention being highly accomplished in the tournament scene.
```

> The performance in this match was unbelievable, with neither player leaving anything on the table. You could feel the nervousness of the in-person spectators, with the tension being more palpable with every point. Both players had their moments of winning a couple of points in a row, the closest point being ::{ flag=PL }:: [milosz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13108233)'s 27,000 point win on [Camellia - Kono Hoshi de.... [Mega Mix] (20th Anniversary Remake)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2287988#osu/4881763) (NM6).

Author: the diff is not being highlighted again here idk whats changed

It would all culminate in a final showdown on [Camellia feat. Nanahira - Touryouka](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1022167#osu/2138577), with ::{ flag=NO }:: [NINERIK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10549880) fighting for a chance at the tiebreaker. In the end, the winner was...

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://2127.s-ul.eu/5rSWRNIT.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

---

> After all said and done, no one was able to conquer the final boss, and ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) would be crowned the victor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all was said and done, no one was able to conquer the final boss, and ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) would be crowned the victor.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/podium.jpg)

After dominating the bracket in its entirety (with ::{ flag=UA }:: [RafPGio](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13705417) being the only player to take more than 1 point from them, winning 3 points total), they would beat ::{ flag=PL }:: [milosz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13108233) in a convincing fashion, with a final score of 7–1.

A group photo was taken with all the attendees, staff and players, and that marked the end of the stream, and the 3rd edition of KEL.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/group-photo.jpg)

> Some fun was had after-the-fact, with ::{ flag=PL }:: [Graf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4448391) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) facing off ::{ flag=PL }:: [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Bartek22830](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6404027) in a 2v2 on nostalgic osu! maps, using insanely unhinged skins that covered the entire playfield. To add to the insanity, one player was aiming, and the other tapping!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some fun was had after the fact, with ::{ flag=PL }:: [Graf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4448391) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Rafis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2558286) facing ::{ flag=PL }:: [WubWoofWolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/39828) and ::{ flag=PL }:: [Bartek22830](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6404027) in a 2v2 on nostalgic osu! maps, using insanely unhinged skins that covered the entire playfield. To add to the insanity, one player was aiming, and the other tapping!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/rafis-and-graf.jpg)

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-04-23-kel-lan-tournament-3-recap/www-and-bartek.jpg)

---

> Thank you to everyone who played, staffed, attended, and cheered the players on, both in-person and online! On a personal note, I'd also like to thank the hosts — [flapczek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8210988) and [myksmyks](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6840526) — for letting [Walavouchey](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5773079) and myself in behind the scenes, and allowing us to run around with a phone taking photos and videos of everything. Next to that, thank you to [Daria Maria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10806219) for letting me use their photos that they took during the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to everyone who played, staffed, attended, and cheered the players on, both in person and online! On a personal note, I'd also like to thank the hosts — [flapczek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8210988) and [myksmyks](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6840526) — for letting [Walavouchey](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5773079) and myself in behind the scenes, and allowing us to run around with a phone taking photos and videos of everything. Next to that, thank you to [Daria Maria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10806219) for letting me use their photos that they took during the event.
```
